Hi girls, how are you? Good. I'm here.
to continue series of lipsticks and today the
lipsticks showing nude lipsticks and
the browns
I have seven lipsticks here a little bit
The video is fine, then.
for those who like button choice
Watch video I'll start with lipstick
his hot name is hot number 39
he is the nude zinho 3rd neighbors was
O're cute I spoke only been here
for you
the cute now he's so
that condel thing cheap easy
of finding and faces in every novel
also on the internet
So it's super cool, guys, one more time.
You said nothing, I 'm talking about copel.
because I got really excited as the
pharmacy with dvd way of selling is
very easy to buy very fast from
delivery then that's why I say
enough of them either I say I like
for you are
I'm not doing my show and then
real not totally
It's good the second button is what I used
In the past makeup video, your friend.
I do not know when I'm going in the back year.
post this video exactly it is what
200 color I did not show it to
You are the goal of rose.
I remember not if you agreed to the
Lipstick I do not know what it is but I showed her
9 in the makeup video is an angel
super cute, it's also beautiful, it hurts button
the market is what I think the market
I do not know if another button is damae qat
number 42 which is a super sequel to
Who likes lipsticks and Kim?
Useless is hard and if you vote, he looks good.
Sequel people are super be the same
I can internet under the sometimes
because he's gone dry and so far he looks
only she is very dry and has a color
super cute and they little boy guess
this button matthew knows that
discussion if a little bit so cover the
market and now this agreement
Another button is for showing this here
you doing comprinhas and remember
daniks the crappy little one is a use
but because if I pass it drops what
Drop him on the video
for those who saw not only the lipstick
Valentine and get out of the creamy line
I have stopped a little using it because
they are very creamy
so I'm preferring a thousand times mate
right now
but he has a course for beautiful is this
it 's beautiful here
daniks of the creamy line of cia
this one is so super bright
difference and orange
You know that thing, they're very
creamy then the impression it gives is that
He does not fill right as he knows who
compare the two I think you should realize
this too
besides running a little too hot
huh
but I woke up and beautiful is over the top
Gorgeous is another button and if from here use
direct that is the vult of color number 5
He killed a lot in the day to day.
where the belt is also focusing here
individual medium but also in agreement is
color 5 is from the line of the ultimate such is this
on here
He wrote very much basiquinho vai vai
yet I also love button
For those who like the color of their mouths leaving
more they would like to like
he is super cool amazing enough he
also think it cost 9 89 reais something
so the last button is the last button
I bought the day, yes, the little hand, father.
This is the one from natura.
the packaging is who is here that is the
color mouth i will not be able to show
for you live here or there in the middle
It's normal, how beautiful this color is.
Lake next to you as you
only it's a little bit by little
hotter
I think
I loved it for a little while causing
little elze but I have shown
quite so then this is those were the 7
lipsticks of today only lipstick nude little brother
is much hope you enjoyed it
like jewelry then until the next
video here is not written write here at
under a super kiss and until the next
video